docs: Split interactive docs section into subpages (#3561)
vega/altair: doc/user_guide/interactions/parameters.rst

.. currentmodule:: altair

.. _parameters:

Parameters, Conditions, & Filters

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Author: I don't love the length of this heading, but couldn't figure out a way to split it further since we go from params to conditions/filters, and then back to params in this page. I think this is fine but just wanted to point it out.

Because both copies of the chart reference the same selection object, the
renderer ties the selections together across panels, leading to a dynamic
display that helps you gain insight into the relationships within the
dataset.

Each selection type has attributes through which its behavior can be
customized; for example we might wish for our brush to be tied only
to the ``"x"`` encoding to emphasize that feature in the data.
We can modify the brush definition, and leave the rest of the code unchanged:

.. altair-plot::

    brush = alt.selection_interval(encodings=['x'])

    chart = alt.Chart(cars).mark_point().encode(
        x='Horsepower:Q',
        y='Miles_per_Gallon:Q',
        color=alt.condition(brush, 'Origin:N', alt.value('lightgray'))
    ).properties(
        width=250,
        height=250
    ).add_params(
        brush
    )

    chart | chart.encode(x='Acceleration:Q')

As you might have noticed,
the selected points are sometimes obscured by some of the unselected points.
To bring the selected points to the foreground,
we can change the order in which they are laid out via the following
encoding: ``order=alt.condition(hover, alt.value(1), alt.value(0))``.

> You can see and example of this in the :ref:`gallery_selection_zorder` gallery example.

Reviewer: Seems like an existing typo
```suggestion
You can see an example of this in the :ref:`gallery_selection_zorder` gallery example.
```

Filtering Data
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Using a selection parameter to filter data works in much the same way

> as using it within ``condition``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as using it within ``condition``.
```

and then filter data in the lower chart based on the selection in the upper chart.
You can explore how the counts change in the bar chart
depending on the size and position of the selection in the scatter plot.

.. altair-plot::

    brush = alt.selection_interval()

    points = alt.Chart(cars).mark_point().encode(
        x='Horsepower:Q',
        y='Miles_per_Gallon:Q',
        color='Origin:N'
    ).add_params(
        brush
    )

    bars = alt.Chart(cars).mark_bar().encode(
        x='count()',
        y='Origin:N',
        color='Origin:N'
    ).transform_filter(
        brush
    )

    points & bars

Selection Types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Now that we have seen the basics of how we can use a selection to interact with a chart,
let's take a more systematic look at some of the types of selection parameters available in Altair.
For simplicity, we'll use a common chart in all the following examples; a
simple heat-map based on the ``cars`` dataset.
For convenience, let's write a quick Python function that will take a selection
object and create a chart with the color of the chart elements linked to this
selection:

.. altair-plot::
    :output: none

>     def make_example(selector):

Reviewer: I think this concisely reinforces the concept of a selection being a type of parameter
```suggestion
    def make_example(selector: alt.Parameter) -> alt.Chart:
```

Selection Targets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For any but the simplest selections, the user needs to think about exactly
what is targeted by the selection, and this can be controlled with either the
``fields`` or ``encodings`` arguments. These control what data properties are
used to determine which points are part of the selection.

For example, here we create a small chart that acts as an interactive legend,
by targeting the Origin field using ``fields=['Origin']``. Clicking on points
in the upper-right plot (the legend) will propagate a selection for all points
with a matching ``Origin``.

.. altair-plot::

    selection = alt.selection_point(fields=['Origin'])
    color = alt.condition(
        selection,
        alt.Color('Origin:N').legend(None),
        alt.value('lightgray')
    )

    scatter = alt.Chart(cars).mark_point().encode(
        x='Horsepower:Q',
        y='Miles_per_Gallon:Q',
        color=color,
        tooltip='Name:N'
    )

    legend = alt.Chart(cars).mark_point().encode(
        alt.Y('Origin:N').axis(orient='right'),
        color=color
    ).add_params(
        selection
    )

    scatter | legend

> The above could be equivalently replace ``fields=['Origin']`` with
> ``encodings=['color']``, because in this case the chart maps ``color`` to
> ``'Origin'``. Also note that there is a shortcut to create interactive legends in Altair
> described in the section :ref:`legend-binding`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, we could express ``fields=['Origin']`` as ``encodings=['color']``, because our chart maps ``color`` to
``'Origin'``. Also note that there is a shortcut to create interactive legends in Altair
described in the section :ref:`legend-binding`.
```

    color = alt.condition(
        selection,
        alt.Color('Origin:N').legend(None),
        alt.value('lightgray')
    )

    scatter = alt.Chart(cars).mark_point().encode(
        x='Horsepower:Q',
        y='Miles_per_Gallon:Q',
        color=color,
        tooltip='Name:N'
    )

    legend = alt.Chart(cars).mark_rect().encode(
        alt.Y('Origin:N').axis(orient='right'),
        x='Cylinders:O',
        color=color
    ).add_params(
        selection
    )

    scatter | legend

By fine-tuning the behavior of selections in this way, they can be used to
create a wide variety of linked interactive chart types.

Parameter Composition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Altair also supports combining multiple parameters using the ``&``, ``|``
and ``~`` for respectively ``AND``, ``OR`` and ``NOT`` logical composition
operands.

Returning to our heatmap examples,
we can construct a scenario where there are two people who can make an interval
selection in the same chart. The person Alex makes a selection box when the
alt-key (macOS: option-key) is selected and Morgan can make a selection
box when the shift-key is selected.

> We use the ``Brushconfig`` to give the selection box of Morgan a different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use :class:`BrushConfig` to give the selection box of Morgan a different
```
